You can eat first. I have something else to do. You eat first.
Then you go and taste the food,
Is it delicious? Yes.
After dinner, I'll go to a restaurant to eat first.
It’s not that the lady doesn’t like to eat dishes. It seems that she really likes them.
I've always heard it said that you have a mother, that's your mother.
The young lady came back from being lonely and smart,
So who is the lady’s mother?
Isn't it?
If you don’t eat or walk, why do you have to live with your strength?
Mr. Gu is thirty-five years old
The Gu family always has someone at the airport
Then why doesn't she get married?
And because she has been here all the time, Zhao Ren
Secretary Bai, please speak with caution.
Next time something like this happens again
You don't come to work
Sorry is good
You can get off work today
Don’t ask what you shouldn’t ask
do your own thing
You just need to know
wait until she appears
You can leave now. I know.